Here's my solution. I ended up running this code
for quite some time and I don't expect you to do that,
but even if you run it for a little bit,
you should start to see some of the same patterns in our generated samples.
Okay. So, first, I'll quickly go over what's happening in the training loop.
First, I'm loading in all my images.
The test images will strictly be used for generating samples.
So, those are fixed here.
I'm also scaling my fixed_X and Y to pixel values between negative one and one.
You can actually call next again to get a different set of test data if you want.
You'll notice that I'm also grabbing an iterator for our training data.
That's because I'm going to set up our batch loop a little differently than before.
I'll have to iterate over batches of X and Y image data in the same batch loop.
So, first, I'm calculating how many batches will go through
per epoch and that's just the length of a data iterator.
Here, I'm taking the smaller number because
the number of X and Y images we have is slightly different.
Then, we have our usual epoch training loop and inside,
instead of our typical batch loop,
I have code that will reset or recreate our X and Y iterators at the start of each epoch.
So, this is going to be when the epoch has reached the last batch in our iterator.
So, I'm not creating another loop,
I'm just making sure that I can call these iterators in appropriate number of times
to iterate over all the training data or perhaps not exactly all,
but an equal amount of X and Y training data.
Okay. Great. So, this all was given to you in the exercise code.
Okay. Then, I can use my iterators to get my real X images and real Y images.
I'm scaling those as well to make sure they're in the pixel range negative one to one.
Okay. Great. So, all of this was given to you in the exercise code.
Then, I'm starting training with my discriminators.
I'll go over one example in detail here, d_x.
This code should look familiar.
First, I'm passing in scaled real image_X data and storing the discriminator logits.
Then, I'm using my real_mse_loss that I
defined above to get the real loss for the discriminator d_x.
Then, as a next step,
I'm doing something similar only generating fake images to pass to the discriminator.
So, I'm getting fake_X images by passing real Y images to my G_YtoX generator.
Then, I'm passing those into my d_x discriminator and calculating the fake_mse_loss.
Finally, I add the real and fake terms up and perform
backpropagation and optimization using my d_x_optimizer.
The next few steps are doing the exact same thing only for d_y and the d_y_optimizer.
First, I'm training it on real images and then on fake images,
adding those up and performing backpropagation.
All right, then to training the generators.
I'll go through one example in detail again, G_YtoX first.
The first couple of steps here are going to be our typical adversarial loss.
So, first, I'm using the generator to make fake_X images by passing in real Y images.
So, these fake images should look like they've come from domain X.
Then, I'm looking at how our X discriminator responds.
Only this time, I'm using the real_mse_loss function because this generator wants
to fool the discriminator into thinking it's fake_X or actually real training data,
and I'm saving this as g_YtoX_loss.
Then, comes the new part,
calculating the cycle consistency loss.
Here, my first step is to actually take the generated fake_X from
above and pass it to my other generator, G_XtoY.
This should return a reconstructed_Y.
Remember that the goal is to get the original
and reconstructed images as close as possible.
So, then, I calculate my reconstructed_y_loss using my cycle_consistency_loss function.
Here, I'm passing in my original images_Y,
the reconstructed_Y, and a lambda_weight equal to 10.
I got this value by looking at the training details in the CycleGan paper.
Then, I'm doing the same steps only with
G_XtoY's adversarial loss and reconstructed_x images.
At the end of all this work,
I'm adding up the adversarial and reconstructed losses
that I calculated to get my g_total_loss.
Then, I'm performing backpropagation and optimization using my g_optimizer.
Then, I just have the provided print statements and sample generation code here.
Now, again, I trained for a really long time, for 4,000 epochs,
and I don't expect you to do the same thing,
but I do want you to check out the last patterns I saw.
I find it easiest just to look at this graph.
So, my total generator loss is here in green and then
my discriminator X and Y are here in blue and orange respectively.
I can see that generally,
my generator loss is much larger than
my discriminator loss which I expect since it's a big summation of terms.
I also see that the generator loss decreases a lot at the start of training.
This is likely because it starts off producing really bad fakes.
Then, it makes some big improvements and then has a sort of refine over time.
I also see this kind of squiggly up and down
behavior that's typical of adversarial networks.
I should also see that at most points,
my discriminators have similar loss values that look to be slowly but surely decreasing.
At one point, quite late in training,
it looks like the generator learned an important trait
and so the discriminator losses shot up here for a moment.
Just looking at this,
I know I could have trained for a longer time because there's no clear plateau yet.
All right. Then, let's look at some sample generated images.
Here, I have a function view_samples that displays samples given an epoch.
The samples are going to be side-by-side real X and
their transformations to the Y domain or vice versa. You'll see what I mean.
So, here, I'm viewing the samples after only 100 iterations.
So, this is really early on in training.
I'm first showing X to Y or summer to winter transformations.
I can see my real summer images in
the left column and then right next to them, their transformations.
So, these transformations result from applying G_XtoY to the original image.
For the most part, they look just blurry and a bit simpler.
So, a bit of a white color palette,
but really just noisy.
Here, I have my Y to X samples,
so from winter to summer transformations.
These samples look equally noisy but much more yellow.
Next, I'll show you the result at the end of training.
So, for me, this was after 4,000 iterations,
but you should still see improvements after 500 or 1,000 iterations.
Here, you can already see a gray improvement.
So, these are from summer to winter images.
You can actually see that my G_XtoY generator has learned a few key things.
For example, it seems to have learned to turn
green foliage into sort of dead brown foliage.
It also seems to turn some surfaces a bit more cool white or gray.
So, sometimes, it looks like snow or just a cloudy sky.
I should know also that some images do not undergo
much change and that's because
some things will look pretty similar in the winter or summer.
So, leaving some traits alone and transforming others like this guy in
green leaves is kind of a complex idea that this model has learned to distill.
I think this kind of model is really exciting and I
think unsupervised deep learning is going to be more important
in future research because gathering
labeled data is often the most time intensive part of machine learning.
Now, I also want to address some shortcomings of
this model including that these generators can only produce
pretty low-resolution images This can maybe be
improved a bit if I just make my images larger in the first place,
say 256 by 256 instead of 128 by 128.
I think larger images would make these results a bit better,
but there would be a trade-off which is a longer training time.
There have been other proposed architectures that improve
upon these weaknesses and solve this low-resolution problem.
I encourage you to read about high-resolution counts.
Additionally, these models are best at learning
stylistic and texture differences rather than
complete shape transformations which is something to keep in
mind if you want to apply this kind of model to a different task.
Speaking of which, my favorite resource is
the GitHub repository for pix2pix and CycleGAN formulations.
These models were implemented in PyTorch and this repository belongs to Jun-Yan Zhu.
This is a great resource to use because it uses other datasets and shows you results.
You can also look directly at the model code and read it and try to replicate it.
I was perusing some of this code as part of my research for creating this lesson,
and there are some additional training strategies like a change in learning
rate and other normalization approaches that may make this model even better.
So, if you like the CycleGAN formulation,
try to approach another task like transforming horses to zebras or doing
collection style transfer or even trying your hand at the pix2pix formulation.
Have fun learning even more.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6